chore(docs): Rework CI docs (#31988)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/ci.md

});
```

## CI configurations

### GitHub Actions

> The [Command line tools](./browsers#install-system-dependencies) can be used to install all operating system dependencies on GitHub Actions.

Reviewer: that should be not part of `### GitHub Actions` I think and moved one layer above.

Author: The sentence contains "GitHub Actions". If it applies to more CI providers, then we'll need to reword it.

Reviewer: I'd reword, e.g. on your CI provider.

> The [Command line tools](./browsers#install-system-dependencies) can be used to install all operating system dependencies on GitHub Actions.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand who this sentence is addressed to under `GitHub Actions` title. Previously the user was redirected to our comprehensive getting started guide which is where they should start. If they know that stuff, they likely now how to install browsers and deps already. I'd revert `Check out our [GitHub Actions](ci-intro.md) guide` here or maybe just drop this paragraph.

Author: This PR moves the comprehensive github actions guide into here, so `ci-intro.md` is just an intro. I agree that the paragraph reads weird though, max was saying the same in https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/pull/31988#discussion_r1701947754. I'll move the paragraph above the heading and reword.

> 
> ### GitHub Actions
> 
> The [Command line tools](./browsers#install-system-dependencies) can be used to install all operating system dependencies on GitHub Actions.
> 

Author: ```suggestion

The [Command line tools](./browsers#install-system-dependencies) can be used to install all operating system dependencies in CI.

### GitHub Actions

```

Author: @mxschmitt how do you like this?
